# Webpack folder

Copy the whole `webpack` folder into your project. It contains basic configurations for npm/Yarn, Webpack, Babel and Jest.

Note that webpack.config.js defines the entry points for Webpack:

```
const entryFiles = [{
  id: 'components',
  path: path.resolve(__dirname, '../bundles/components.js')
}];
```

You can extend this array and reference additional JavaScript files with a configuration different from components.js. Every entry file will result in one output file. Currently, there's just one entry which results in `webpack.bundles/components.bundle.js`. If you add a second entry, you can generate a second file such as `webpack.bundles/different.bundle.js`.

# Babel (.babelrc) and ESLint (.eslintrc)

By placing .babelrc and .eslintrc in a parent/ancestor folder of the content folder, we avoid errors potentially occuring while files in the content folder are processed by Babel/ESLint.

The linting rules defined in .eslintrc are pretty loose on purpose for this example. It allows you to integrate the Webpack setup more easily into your existing project. However, we recommend to make the rules more strict – as strict as possible.

If you want to define global variables (variables that are available across various processed JavaScript files), define them in .eslintrc ([documentation](http://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/configuring#specifying-globals)). One popular global variable is `$` (for jQuery).

# .gitignore

A .gitignore file should be added to the project so the files generated by Webpack are not version-controlled. Nobody should modify them directly.

```
*.bundle.*
node_modules/
```
